[Music]
korean-style convey has a balance of
sweet and savory flavors it's a common
Korean recipe that you can now add to
your menu called your short ribs cut on
the cross-section if you can't find them
in your grocery store have your butcher
help you out start with a very large
bowl that you'll be able to fit the beef
in add six cloves of minced garlic 1/2
of a large minced onion
who
one cup of brown sugar and three
teaspoons of ground black pepper mix to
combine all the ingredients
[Music]
to the same bowl add 2/3 of a cup of soy
sauce
a quarter of a cup of sesame oil and mix
thoroughly
now add four pounds of beef short ribs
and allow them to marinate for at least
30 minutes or up to one day
[Music]
pre-heat your grill to medium-high and
cook for two to three minutes on each
side
[Music]
eat hot off the grill or cut the meat
from the bone and wrap them in a lettuce
leaf with rice and hot sauce which is
known as a psalm korean kalbi for more
delicious barbecue recipes visit summer
kitchen TV
you